time to return the lego starwars 100%
for one last they meet extras as you can
see I have four and a half million studs
on this file that is not even cheating
that was literally because me and my
friends would always play this game when
we were younger I and I mean always I
don't know why but this was always like
the main game that we would play like
pain or my friend John or other people
so as we can see on this file
everything's been bought here
everything's bought here and everything
has been bought in the extras category
so I'll be showing those off as soon as
we head outside and of course everything
is complete out here so let's turn on
the extras shall we
invincibility I'll be showing off a few
of them at a time invincibility and
silhouettes invincibility makes it so
you can't get hurt silhouettes actually
I wish that someone would attack me so
that I could show it off yes so let's
make you dark obviously now we have
purple this makes a little lightsabers
turn purple pretty cool so it's they're
all I mixed Windu's then mustaches it
gives all characters mustaches Vader was
hilarious with a mustache
please someone hit me yes someone is
attacking me though it's Darth Maul
attacking me wow that's actually really
funny Darth Maul wow we got like a war
started out here holy crap yeah it
why is Darth Maul attacking me or is
that a favorite dark mole or the Emperor
I can't tell what whoever it is why the
heck is he attacking me hey dude I
thought we were friends okay
thought we were friends when we went out
to dinner together that day okay so with
that I will keep invincibility on just
so we don't get screwed over out here
mini Kent detective you guys have seen
what that does t coughs this is only
effective for well technically it is
effective for everyone but it makes more
sense with blaster characters and that's
something that's kind of cool as head
every time you hit c-3po he loses a limb
kind of funny actually I just always
thought that was kind of a funny little
thing about him so it makes Vader and
lightsaber characters use their
lightsaber make it look like a teacup
versus blaster characters will pull out
a teacup instead of a blaster
so with that off we're gonna head to
brushes brushes make lightsabers turn
into brushes kind of funny actually the
blaster characters remain the same and
actually I need you to switch back to
Darth Vader just to make more sense out
of showing stuff to people so yes now we
can clean up our act Darth Vader I wish
you had like a special life thing where
you could use the broom I can actually
use it now we have big blasters which
gives you very big blasters lay up hey
Padme Amidala you want to see my big
blaster hey you want to see it a pretty
big blaster here I'm more than willing
to show that off so that's that and now
we have classic blasters these look
actually kind of cool it's like I think
I know what the pieces are I think I've
seen them before
oh cool one and finally we have silly
blasters yes they are very silly they
look a lot like the Jean Ocean guns and
it sort of changes the color of the
blaster whichever expert you're using so
that is actually all the extras so
there's really nothing else to show off
so with that guys we have 100% completed
the game as I said before all these
items together when you buy every single
item in there costs probably well over 2
million studs like between two and three
million studs total which is really just
too much for me to waste my time
climbing for I think you guys hopefully
understand that if you want to grind for
it then that's perfectly exceptional
that's your choice but I personally
don't see a point of it because that
would basically mean completing the
bonus mission probably good 20 times oh
I didn't mean to do that yes so guys I
hope you enjoyed this let's play I know
I loved it and even if I don't do Lego
Star Wars 2 in the future I will always
have enjoyed this one it was just so
much fun and I appreciate all the
support you guys gave me really just a
nostalgic ps2 days being able to bring
those back as always a lot of fun so I
will see you guys for my next project
which the hints are pretty much
unnecessary because I've told you guys
already what its gonna be in the last
channel update like a month ago but I'll
reassure that in the coming channel
update so hope you guys enjoy and look
forward to my next project